config/Readme.md, before:

### Producer Configuration

If you want to compile Protongraph in Kafka Producer mode, i.e. `make kafka` from the root directory, you'll want to read this section.

In particular, this folder should contain the secrets and configuration for connection to your Kafka VM.

In particular, within this path, you'll want to place

1. a kafka.config, containing the configuration for your Kafka VM.

This file should take the form
```
# kafka.config
BROKER=your.broker.com:port # the url of your broker; this could be localhost:9092 or otherwise. Note, port defaults to 9092.
TOPICS=hello # a list of topics to produce to
```

2. if you are connecting to a secured Kafka VM, you will also need a folder called secrets, with the following files within it

```
ca_cert-your.broker.com.pem
ca-cert-your.broker.com
ca-key-your.broker.com
client_cert_key-your.broker.com.pem
client_cert-your.broker.com.pem
client-cert-file-your.broker.com
kafka.client.keystore.jks
kafka.server.keystore.jks
```

Here, broker.com is the url of your secured broker.

These secrets can be generated by running

`generate.pem.sh your.broker.com yourpreferredsupersecretpassword`.

Note that you'll also need to move the relevant secrets to your VM as well in order for this to work, for instructions on how to do this, see [this guide from Vertica](https://www.vertica.com/docs/9.2.x/HTML/Content/Authoring/KafkaIntegrationGuide/UsingSSLwithKafka.htm?tocpath=Integrating%20with%20Apache%20Kafka%7CUsing%20TLS%2FSSL%20Encryption%20with%20Kafka%7C_____0).

Commit message:

Remove new information from Readme and place in config/Readme instead

config/Readme.md, after:

## Kafka support

### Preamble

Protongraph has two modes of operation being Default responder mode, and Kafka producer mode.  Default responder mode responds along the Websocket connection that sync-godot establishes with Protongraph via the Godot engine client.  In this mode, packets are sent back and forth directly between the Godot engine and Protongraph via Websocket.

In Kafka producer mode, Protongraph writes messages it receives via a Websocket connection to a Kafka topic instead.  This mode is useful for instance if Protongraph is deployed to the cloud, and there are up to several additional network hops between the running Godot game and Protongraph, eg Godot game -> Signalling server -> Kafka topic -> Kafka consumer -> Protongraph.  In this instance, the output work from Protongraph would return to the Godot game in potentially a 1 to many relationship via eg Protongraph -> Kafka topic -> Signalling server -> { set of networked clients running the Godot game }.

### Producer Configuration

If you want Protongraph to be able to operate in Kafka Producer mode, you'll want to read this section.

In particular, this folder should contain the secrets and configuration for connection to your Kafka VM.

In particular, within this path, you'll want to place

1. a kafka.config, containing the configuration for your Kafka VM.

This file should take the form
```
# kafka.config
DOMAIN=your.broker.com # the domain on which your broker resides
BROKER=your.broker.com:port # the url of your broker; this could be localhost:9092 or otherwise. Note, port defaults to 9092.
TOPICS=hello # a command separated list of topics to produce to
BROKER_PASSWORD=yourpreferredsupersecretpassword # the secret password to your broker
SECURED=true # whether or not your Kafka broker is secured
```

2. if you are connecting to a secured Kafka VM, you will also need a folder called secrets, with the following files within it

```
ca_cert-your.broker.com.pem
ca-cert-your.broker.com
ca-key-your.broker.com
client_cert_key-your.broker.com.pem
client_cert-your.broker.com.pem
client-cert-file-your.broker.com
kafka.client.keystore.jks
kafka.server.keystore.jks
```

Here, broker.com is the url of your secured broker.

These secrets can be generated by running

`generate.pem.sh your.broker.com yourpreferredsupersecretpassword`.

Note that you'll also need to move the relevant secrets to your VM as well in order for this to work, for instructions on how to do this, see [this guide from Vertica](https://www.vertica.com/docs/9.2.x/HTML/Content/Authoring/KafkaIntegrationGuide/UsingSSLwithKafka.htm?tocpath=Integrating%20with%20Apache%20Kafka%7CUsing%20TLS%2FSSL%20Encryption%20with%20Kafka%7C_____0).
